Implement Logging (#27)
biosharp-dotnet/sucuri-api: README.md

# SUCURI-API

## Introduction 

> Sucuri -API is an api developed using Pode framework which uses conda binaries to provide latest version of any given conda package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sucuri-API is an API developed using [Pode](https://badgerati.github.io/Pode) framework which uses conda binary (conda/mamba/micromamba) to provide latest version of any given conda package.

```

## Use cases

## Technologies 
- Pode framework
- Powershell

## Installation

## Deployment 

## Usage
```
http://localhost:8085/v1/search?pkg_name=<conda package name>&channels=<conda channels>
```

| Parameter  | Type | Description                                   |
|:-----------| :--- |:----------------------------------------------|
| `pkg_name` | `string` | **Required**. Your package name               |
| `channels` | `string` | **Optional**. Conda channels seperated by ',' |
## Responses
  ```javascript
{
  "packageName" : string,
  "latestVersion" : string
}
```
## Status codes

| Status Code | Description                      |
| :--- |:---------------------------------|
| 200 | `OK` ( Package found)            |
| 404 | `NOT FOUND` ( Package not found) |

 ## Architecture
```mermaid
graph TB
   subgraph "Client Side"
   a[String with conda package name and conda channels ] --> b[Create a query]
   f[Latest avaliable version]
   end
   subgraph "Server Side"

>    b --Request with Restish or Invoke-RestMethod--> c[Recieve string parameter]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   b --Request--> c[Recieve string parameter]

```

Reviewer: A request can be triggered from any client.
